Covered the v1 release of tracked-built-ins (#585)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-03-27-the-ember-times-issue-141.md

---

## [tracked-built-ins v1 released! 💯](https://twitter.com/pzuraq/status/1240069037364633600)

At his EmberConf talk, "[Autotracking: Reactivity and State in Modern Ember](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDBSU2HCLbU&list=PL4eq2DPpyBbkC03mdzlyej6tcbEqrZK8N)," [Chris Garrett (@pzuraq)](https://github.com/pzuraq) announced a new addon to help you track JavaScript's built-in classes.

> With [tracked-built-ins](https://github.com/pzuraq/tracked-built-ins), your app can automatically react to changes in objects, arrays, maps, sets, weak maps, and weak sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [tracked-built-ins](https://github.com/pzuraq/tracked-built-ins), your app can automatically react to changes in Objects, Arrays, Maps, Sets, WeakMaps, and WeakSets.
```
